Poster References:

1. Kondo, M., Fluehr, J., McKeon, T., & Branas, C. (2018). Urban Green Space and Its Impact on Human Health. International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health, 15(3), 445.
2. Jimenez, M. P., DeVille, N. V., Elliott, E. G., Schiff, J. E., Wilt, G. E., Hart, J. E., & James, P. (2021). Associations between Nature Exposure and Health: A Review of the Evidence. International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health, 18(9), 4790.
3. Rojas-Rueda, D., Nieuwenhuijsen, M. J., Gascon, M., Perez-Leon, D., & Mudu, P. (2019). Green spaces and mortality: a systematic review and meta-analysis of cohort studies. The Lancet Planetary Health, 3(11), e469–e477. 
4. Labib, S. M., Lindley, S., & Huck, J. J. (2021). Estimating multiple greenspace exposure types and their associations with neighbourhood premature mortality: A socioecological study. Science of The Total Environment, 789, 147919. 
5. Dadvand, P., & Nieuwenhuijsen, M. (2019). Green Space and Health. In Integrating Human Health into Urban and Transport Planning (pp. 409–423). Springer International Publishing. 
6. Gou, A., Tan, G., Ding, X., Wang, J., Jiao, Y., Gou, C., & Tan, Q. (2023). Spatial association between green space and COPD mortality: a township-level ecological study in Chongqing, China. BMC Pulmonary Medicine, 23(1), 89. 
7. Pallathadka, A., Pallathadka, L., Rao, S., Chang, H., & Van Dommelen, D. (2022). Using GIS-based spatial analysis to determine urban greenspace accessibility for different racial groups in the backdrop of COVID-19: a case study of four US cities. GeoJournal, 87(6), 4879–4899. 
8. Barker, M., Chue Hong, N. P., Katz, D. S., Lamprecht, A.-L., Martinez-Ortiz, C., Psomopoulos, F., Harrow, J., Castro, L. J., Gruenpeter, M., Martinez, P. A., & Honeyman, T. (2022). Introducing the FAIR Principles for research software. Scientific Data, 9(1), 622. 